feat(coverage): own the Solidity library (#1363)
NomicFoundation/edr: .changeset/icy-bugs-live.md

---
"@nomicfoundation/edr": minor
---

> Bundled the Solidity coverage library with EDR. Added a `getCoverageLibrary()` helper at the `@nomicfoundation/edr/coverage-library` subpath that returns the library's source and expected filename. `addStatementCoverageInstrumentation` no longer accepts a library path argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a `getCoverageLibrary()` helper at the `@nomicfoundation/edr/coverage-library` subpath that returns the library's source and expected filename. 
- Bundled the Solidity coverage library with EDR.
- Changed `addStatementCoverageInstrumentation` to no longer accept a library path argument.
```
